{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww15080\viewh12220\viewkind0
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 MovieDB
\fs24 \

\b0 v1.0beta3
\b \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Introduction:
\f1\b0 \
MovieDB is a free application for Mac OS X that lets you easily manage your digital movie collection. By focusing exclusively on digital movies they can be added comfortably by using drag&drop. Information about the file is automatically extracted, information about the movie is automatically fetched over the internet. MovieDB supports DVDs, (S)VCDs and nearly all common video files like AVIs or MOVs. MovieDB can easily search for your movies or sort and filter them.\
\

\f0\b WARNING:\

\f1\b0 MovieDB is beta-quality and only provided as a technology-preview for advanced users.\
MovieDB is completely unsupported and is not currently under any active development.\
MovieDB's source code has {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/core-code/MovieDB"}}{\fldrslt moved to GitHub}} hoping that others will help finish the app.\
\

\f0\b DISCLAIMER:\

\f1\b0 MovieDB can fetch movie information from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php"}}{\fldrslt www.imdb.com}}, the website from 
\i IMDb.com, Inc
\i0 ..\
MovieDB and its authors are not in any way affiliated with or endorsed by 
\i IMDb.com, Inc.
\i0 .\
All data fetched from IMDb is \'a9 by 
\i IMDb.com, Inc
\i0 . and may not be used without permission.\
\

\f0\b Requirements:\

\f1\b0 \'95 Mac OS X 10.6 or later\
\

\f0\b License & Cost:\

\f1\b0 MovieDB is completely free of charge and the source code is licensed under the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php"}}{\fldrslt Open Source "MIT License"}}.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Usage:\

\f1\b0 1.) Place the MovieDB folder anywhere on your hard disk (the "/Applications" folder is most suitable).
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 2.) Double-click MovieDB.\
3.) You have to accept the beta warning and IMDb disclaimer at first start.\
4.) On first start a new document is created automatically. On subsequent launches you can create a new document or open recent ones with the file menu.\
5.) Now you can add movie files. Drag movie files/DVDs/(S)VCDs onto the movie list at the top and they will be automatically scanned.\
 5a.) If a movie consists of multiple files or volumes, drag only one item into the movie list since each dropped item will create a unique movie. Add the remaining sources to the "Sources" list of the movie entry created by drag&drop or the (+) button.\
 5b.) Alternatively you can create an movie entry by clicking "Add Movie" in the toolbar and then drag all sources to the "Sources" list of this entry. \
 6.) Now adjust the (automatically guessed) movie title and hit the big "Fetch Data from IMDb\'85" button\
 7.) Select the right entry for the movie and click "Select"\
 8.) The movie info is now fetched, you can continue with the next movie
\f0\b \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\tx10560\tx11520\tx12480\tx13440\tx14400\tx15360\tx16320\tx17280\tx18240\tx19200\tx20160\tx21120\tx22080\tx23040\tx24000\tx24960\tx25920\tx26880\tx27840\tx28800\tx29760\tx30720\tx31680\tx32640\tx33600\tx34560\tx35520\tx36480\tx37440\tx38400\tx39360\tx40320\tx41280\tx42240\tx43200\tx44160\tx45120\tx46080\tx47040\tx48000\tx48960\tx49920\tx50880\tx51840\tx52800\tx53760\tx54720\tx55680\tx56640\tx57600\tx58560\tx59520\tx60480\tx61440\tx62400\tx63360\tx64320\tx65280\tx66240\tx67200\tx68160\tx69120\tx70080\tx71040\tx72000\tx72960\tx73920\tx74880\tx75840\tx76800\tx77760\tx78720\tx79680\tx80640\tx81600\tx82560\tx83520\tx84480\tx85440\tx86400\tx87360\tx88320\tx89280\tx90240\tx91200\tx92160\tx93120\tx94080\tx95040\tx96000\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 License and Disclaimer:\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 Copyright \'a9 2017 CoreCode Limited\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.}